New Resource: `azurerm_cognitive_account_connection_*` (#30981)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/cognitive_account_connection_account_key.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Cognitive Services"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_cognitive_account_connection_account_key"
description: |-
  Manages a Cognitive Services (Microsoft Foundry) Account Connection with Account Key authentication.
---

# azurerm_cognitive_account_connection_account_key

Manages a Cognitive Services (Microsoft Foundry) Account Connection with Account Key authentication.

> -> **Note:** In the new Foundry experience, Account Connections are shown as tools under the Build blade.

Reviewer: Minor grammatical improvement. Please apply this to other markdowns too.

```suggestion
-> **Note:** In the new Foundry portal experience, "Account Connections" are shown as "Tools" under the "Build" menu.
```

Author: updated
